you
why don't we always have to listen to
this old stuff Sarge watch your mouth
son this stuff is your history it should
remind you grunts what we're fighting to
protect hey if the Covenant wanna wipe
out this particular part of my history
that's mine buy me skin better it than
us you ask them real nice next time you
see em Vicente I'm sure they'll be happy
to oblige healthy looks clear I'm
bringing us down
go-go-go
stay close Jenkins Mendoza move it up
hmm wait here for the captain and his
squad then get your ass inside sir
okay let's move
which is weird right
I mean look at it something scrambled
the insides was their plasma scoring
yeah I don't know maybe there was an
accident you know friendly fire or
something
what do we have sergeant looks like a
covenant patrol badass elite units okay
I a real pretty friend of yours now we
just met
right well let's get this door open I'll
try sir but it looks like these Covenant
work pretty hard to lock it down
just do it son yes sir
got a bad feeling about this or you
always got a bad feeling about something
what's going on soldier corporal do you
copy over and does it get your ass back
up to second squats position and find
out what the hell is going on buttons I
don't have time for your lip soldier
I gave you an orange listen what is that
what is that coming from Mendoza
I don't dare meet up Oh get out hold
still let him have it
aah
sergeant we're surrounded on damaged
Incan fire your weapon there are too
many sorry let's think about it Marine
oh is it local get back here marine
that's an order Jenkins